#### Limitations
- **Coverage area** - Wireless data communication technologies work well in open environments. However, certain construction materials used in buildings and structures, and the local terrain, will limit the effective coverage.
- **Interference** - Wireless is susceptible to interference and can be disrupted by such common devices as household cordless phones, some types of fluorescent lights, microwave ovens, and other wireless communications.
- **Security** - Wireless communication coverage requires no access to a physical strand of media. Therefore, devices and users, not authorized for access to the network, can gain access to the transmission. Network security is a major component of wireless network administration.
- **Shared medium** - WLANs operate in half-duplex, which means only one device can send or receive at a time. The wireless medium is shared amongst all wireless users. Many users accessing the WLAN simultaneously results in reduced bandwidth for each user.

#### Wireless Standards
- WiFi (802.11) the wireless NIC must first listen before transmitting to determine if the radio channel is clear. If another wireless device is transmitting, then the NIC must wait until the channel is clear.
- Bluetooth (802.15) device pairing to connect over very short distances
- WiMAX (802.16) Worldwide Interoperability for Microwase Access, used for broadband wireless access 
- Zigbee (802.15.4) Zigbee is a specification used for low-data rate, low-power communications. It is intended for applications that require short-range, low data-rates and long battery life. Zigbee is typically used for industrial and Internet of Things (IoT) environments such as wireless light switches and medical device data collection.

#### Wireless LAN
- APs concentrate wireless signals from users and connect to existing copper based network infrastructure